README.md, before:

# 🧬 BioMetrics System & Manager
> *Advanced Character Identity Management for Star Citizen*

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg) ![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows-blue) ![Star Citizen](https://img.shields.io/badge/Star%20Citizen-Ready-orange)

**SCCharacters (BioMetrics)** is a powerful, immersive desktop application designed to streamline the management, installation, and customization of your Star Citizen character appearances (`.chf` files). Built with a modern, sci-fi aesthetic that mirrors the in-game universe, this tool serves as your personal extensive biometric database.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

### 📂 Seamless Management
- **One-Click Installation**: Install characters directly from *StarChar.app* or custom URLs.
- **Drag & Drop**: Simply drag `.chf` files into the app to import them instantly.
- **Local Library**: View and manage all your installed character profiles in a visual grid by name or date.

### 🛠️ Advanced Tools
- **BioMetrics Editor (Experimental)**: Tweak character parameters strictly from the app.
- **Backup & Restore**: Create `.zip` backups of your entire character library to keep your identities safe.
- **Multi-Environment Deploy**: Easily deploy your characters to LIVE, PTU, and EPTU environments simultaneously.
- **Deduplication**: Intelligent handling of duplicate files to keep your folder clean.

### 🌐 Global Connectivity
- **Online Repository**: Browse and download new looks from the community directly within the app.
- **Multi-Language Support**: Fully localized in 10 languages:
  - 🇪🇸 Español | 🇺🇸 English | 🇫🇷 Français | 🇩🇪 Deutsch | 🇧🇷 Portugués | 🇮🇹 Italiano | 🇷🇺 Русский | 🇨🇳 中文 | 🇯🇵 日本語 | 🇸🇦 العربية

### 🎨 Immersive Experience
- **Sci-Fi UI**: A "Diegetic" interface designed to feel like a tool from 2954.
- **Smart Detection**: Automatically finds your Star Citizen installation path.
- **Audio Feedback**: Custom sound effects for a premium user experience.

---

## 📥 Installation

### Prerequisites
- Windows 10/11
- [Python 3.11+](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- Star Citizen installed (LIVE/PTU)

### Setup
1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Spieler1ONE1/SCCharacters.git
   cd SCCharacters
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the application:**
   ```bash
   python src/main.py
   ```

---

## 🖥️ Usage

1. **Launch BioMetrics**: Open the application. On first run, it will attempt to auto-detect your Star Citizen `CustomCharacters` folder.
2. **Import Characters**:
   - Go to the **Online Tab** to browse and download.
   - Or drop your `.chf` files into the **Installed Tab**.
3. **Apply to Game**: Once installed, the characters appear in your Star Citizen character customization menu under "Import Character".

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas for new features or language improvements:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5. Open a Pull Request.

---

## 📜 Credits

**Creator**: [SpielerWAN](https://www.youtube.com/@SpielerWAN)
*Star Citizen Content Creator & Developer*

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>This is an unofficial fan-made tool and is not affiliated with Cloud Imperium Games. Star Citizen® is a registered trademark of Cloud Imperium Games Corporation.</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

Docs: Simplify installation for end users (EXE focus)

README.md, after:

# 🧬 BioMetrics System & Manager
> *Advanced Character Identity Management for Star Citizen*

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg) ![Platform](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Windows-blue) ![Star Citizen](https://img.shields.io/badge/Star%20Citizen-Ready-orange)

**SCCharacters (BioMetrics)** is a powerful, immersive desktop application designed to streamline the management, installation, and customization of your Star Citizen character appearances (`.chf` files). Built with a modern, sci-fi aesthetic that mirrors the in-game universe, this tool serves as your personal extensive biometric database.

---

## 🚀 Key Features

### 📂 Seamless Management
- **One-Click Installation**: Install characters directly from *StarChar.app* or custom URLs.
- **Drag & Drop**: Simply drag `.chf` files into the app to import them instantly.
- **Local Library**: View and manage all your installed character profiles in a visual grid by name or date.

### 🛠️ Advanced Tools
- **BioMetrics Editor (Experimental)**: Tweak character parameters strictly from the app.
- **Backup & Restore**: Create `.zip` backups of your entire character library to keep your identities safe.
- **Multi-Environment Deploy**: Easily deploy your characters to LIVE, PTU, and EPTU environments simultaneously.
- **Deduplication**: Intelligent handling of duplicate files to keep your folder clean.

### 🌐 Global Connectivity
- **Online Repository**: Browse and download new looks from the community directly within the app.
- **Multi-Language Support**: Fully localized in 10 languages:
  - 🇪🇸 Español | 🇺🇸 English | 🇫🇷 Français | 🇩🇪 Deutsch | 🇧🇷 Portugués | 🇮🇹 Italiano | 🇷🇺 Русский | 🇨🇳 中文 | 🇯🇵 日本語 | 🇸🇦 العربية

### 🎨 Immersive Experience
- **Sci-Fi UI**: A "Diegetic" interface designed to feel like a tool from 2954.
- **Smart Detection**: Automatically finds your Star Citizen installation path.
- **Audio Feedback**: Custom sound effects for a premium user experience.

---

## 📥 Installation

### Prerequisites
- Windows 10/11
- Star Citizen installed (LIVE/PTU)

### Installation
1. **Download**: Go to the [Releases](https://github.com/Spieler1ONE1/SCCharacters/releases) page.
2. **Get the App**: Download the latest `BioMetrics_Installer.exe` (or `.zip`).
3. **Run**: Double-click the executable to launch the tool.
   - *Note: You may need to bypass Windows SmartScreen as this is a new unsigned application.*


---

## 🖥️ Usage

1. **Launch BioMetrics**: Open the application. On first run, it will attempt to auto-detect your Star Citizen `CustomCharacters` folder.
2. **Import Characters**:
   - Go to the **Online Tab** to browse and download.
   - Or drop your `.chf` files into the **Installed Tab**.
3. **Apply to Game**: Once installed, the characters appear in your Star Citizen character customization menu under "Import Character".

---

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you have ideas for new features or language improvements:
1. Fork the repository.
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`).
5. Open a Pull Request.

---

## 📜 Credits

**Creator**: [SpielerWAN](https://www.youtube.com/@SpielerWAN)
*Star Citizen Content Creator & Developer*

---

<div align="center">
  <sub>This is an unofficial fan-made tool and is not affiliated with Cloud Imperium Games. Star Citizen® is a registered trademark of Cloud Imperium Games Corporation.</sub>
</div>
